Update docs to reflect billing UI changes (#12585)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-hub/billing/downgrade.md

1. Log into your [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} account.

2. Open the drop-down menu next to your username in the top-right corner and select **Billing**. The **Billing Details** page displays billing information about your existing user account.

> 3. Ensure you are updating the billing details of your personal namespace.

Reviewer: I'd be more explicit here, personally - something like

```suggestion
3. Ensure your personal namespace is selected in the list on the left of the page.
```

Author: Updated
